Lord of the Rings Quotes

1. “Not all those who wander are lost.” — Bilbo Baggins

2. “All’s well that ends better.” — Hamfast Gamgee

3. “Deeds will not be less valiant because they are unpraised.” — Aragorn

4. “Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.” — Galadriel

5. “You step into the Road, and if you don’t keep your feet, there is no knowing where you might be swept off to.”― J.R.R. Tolkien

6. “Let him not vow to walk in the dark, who has not seen the nightfall.” – Elrond

7. “It’s the job that’s never started as takes longest to finish.”— Sam Gamgee

8. “Your time will come. You will face the same Evil, and you will defeat it.” – Arwen

9. “If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.” – Thorin Oakenshield

10. “A hunted man sometimes wearies of distrust and longs for friendship.”— Aragorn

11. “It is useless to meet revenge with revenge: it will heal nothing.” — Frodo

12. “But do not despise the lore that has come down from distant years; for oft it may chance that old wives keep in memory word of things that once were needful for the wise to know.” – Celeborn

13. “This day does not belong to one man but to all. Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.” – Aragorn

14. “Despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.” — Gandalf

15. “Memory is not what the heart desires. That is only a mirror.” — Gimli

Related: Best Star Wars Quotes

16. “The Quest stands upon the edge of a knife. Stray but a little, and it will fail, to the ruin of all. Yet hope remains while the Company is true.” – Galadriel

17. “Few other griefs amid the ill chances of this world have more bitterness and shame for a man’s heart than to behold the love of a lady so fair and brave that cannot be returned.” – Aragorn

18. “May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.” — Galadriel

19. “I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone.” – Arwen

20. “But in the end it’s only a passing thing, this shadow; even darkness must pass.” — Sam Gamgee

21. “In this hour, I do not believe that any darkness will endure.” — Faramir

22. “For behold! the storm comes, and now all friends should gather together, lest each singly be destroyed.” – Gandalf

23. “There’s some good in this world, Mr. Frodo… and it’s worth fighting for.” — Sam Gangee]

24. “All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.” — Gandalf

25. "The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”  – Haldir

26. “Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.” – Gimli

27. “He that breaks a thing to find out what it is, has left the path of wisdom.” — Gandalf

28. “The wide world is all about you: you can fence yourselves in, but you cannot forever fence it out.” — Gildor

29. “The Ring has awoken, it’s heard its master’s call.” – Gandalf

30. “It is a strange fate that we should suffer so much fear and doubt over so small a thing … such a little thing.”— Boromir

31. “It’s a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don’t keep your feet, there’s no knowing where you might be swept off to.” — Frodo (quoting Bilbo Baggins)

32. “Who knows? Have patience. Go where you must go, and hope!” — Gandalf

33. “Oft hope is born when all is forlorn.” – Legolas

34. “Do not trouble your hearts overmuch with thought of the road tonight. Maybe the paths that you each shall tread are already laid before your feet, though you do not see them.” — Galadriel

35. “Don’t adventures ever have an end? I suppose not. Someone else always has to carry on the story.” – Bilbo Baggins

Related: Best Game of Thrones Quotes

36. “May your beer be laid under an enchantment of surpassing excellence for seven years!” — Gandalf

37. “The world is full enough of hurts and mischances without wars to multiply them.” – Warden

38. “This day does not belong to one man but to all. Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.” – Aragorn

39. “For the time will soon come when Hobbits will shape the fortunes of all.” – Galadriel

40. “Evil will be drawn to you from outside the fellowship. And, I fear, from within you must trust yourself. Trust your own strengths.” – Gandalf

41. “The board is set, the pieces are moving. We come to it at last, the great battle of our time.” – Gandalf

42. “You are the luckiest, the canniest, and the most reckless man I ever knew.” – Gimli

43. “You may learn something, and whether what you see be fair or evil, that may be profitable, and yet it may not. Seeing is both good and perilous.” — Galadriel

44. "Yet such is oft the course of deeds that move the wheels of the world: small hands do them because they must, while the eyes of the great are elsewhere.” – Elrond

45. “Moonlight drowns out all but the brightest stars.” — J. R. R. Tolkien

46. “The wise speak only of what they know.” – Gandalf

47. “I can’t carry it for you, but I can carry you.” – Sam Gamgee

48. “Courage is found in unlikely places.” – Gildor

49. “It is not the strength of the body, but the strength of the spirit.” — J.R.R. Tolkien

50. "You shall not pass!" — Gandalf

51. "You can not hide, I see you! There is no life after me. Only death!" — Sauron

52. "No, thank you! We don't want any more visitors, well-wishers or distant relations!" — Bilbo Baggins

